ru/fefu/activitytracker/databinding/ActivityRegistrationBinding.java
 ru.fefu.activitytracker.databinding.ActivityRegistrationBinding
ru/fefu/activitytracker/databinding/ActivityWelcomeBinding.java
 ru.fefu.activitytracker.databinding.ActivityWelcomeBinding
ru/fefu/activitytracker/BuildConfig.java
 ru.fefu.activitytracker.BuildConfig
ru/fefu/activitytracker/databinding/ActivityProfileFragmentBinding.java
 ru.fefu.activitytracker.databinding.ActivityProfileFragmentBinding
ru/fefu/activitytracker/main_page/room/ActivityDao_Impl.java
 ru.fefu.activitytracker.main_page.room.ActivityDao_Impl
 ru.fefu.activitytracker.main_page.room.ActivityDao_Impl$1
 ru.fefu.activitytracker.main_page.room.ActivityDao_Impl$2
 ru.fefu.activitytracker.main_page.room.ActivityDao_Impl$3
ru/fefu/activitytracker/databinding/ActivityMyFragmentBinding.java
 ru.fefu.activitytracker.databinding.ActivityMyFragmentBinding
ru/fefu/activitytracker/databinding/ActivityChangePasswordFragmentBinding.java
 ru.fefu.activitytracker.databinding.ActivityChangePasswordFragmentBinding
ru/fefu/activitytracker/databinding/ItemActivityTypeBinding.java
 ru.fefu.activitytracker.databinding.ItemActivityTypeBinding
ru/fefu/activitytracker/databinding/ItemInListModelBinding.java
 ru.fefu.activitytracker.databinding.ItemInListModelBinding
ru/fefu/activitytracker/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 ru.fefu.activitytracker.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
ru/fefu/activitytracker/databinding/ActivityProfileSwitchFragmentBinding.java
 ru.fefu.activitytracker.databinding.ActivityProfileSwitchFragmentBinding
ru/fefu/activitytracker/databinding/ActivitySwitchFragmentBinding.java
 ru.fefu.activitytracker.databinding.ActivitySwitchFragmentBinding
ru/fefu/activitytracker/main_page/room/ActivityDataBase_Impl.java
 ru.fefu.activitytracker.main_page.room.ActivityDataBase_Impl
 ru.fefu.activitytracker.main_page.room.ActivityDataBase_Impl$1
ru/fefu/activitytracker/databinding/ActivityStartTrakingFragmentBinding.java
 ru.fefu.activitytracker.databinding.ActivityStartTrakingFragmentBinding
ru/fefu/activitytracker/databinding/ActivityMyDetailsFragmentBinding.java
 ru.fefu.activitytracker.databinding.ActivityMyDetailsFragmentBinding
ru/fefu/activitytracker/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 ru.fefu.activitytracker.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
ru/fefu/activitytracker/databinding/ActivityUsersFragmentBinding.java
 ru.fefu.activitytracker.databinding.ActivityUsersFragmentBinding
ru/fefu/activitytracker/databinding/ItemDateBinding.java
 ru.fefu.activitytracker.databinding.ItemDateBinding
ru/fefu/activitytracker/databinding/ActivityProcessTrackingFragmentBinding.java
 ru.fefu.activitytracker.databinding.ActivityProcessTrackingFragmentBinding
ru/fefu/activitytracker/databinding/ActivityFragmentBinding.java
 ru.fefu.activitytracker.databinding.ActivityFragmentBinding
ru/fefu/activitytracker/databinding/ActivityUsersDetailsFragmentBinding.java
 ru.fefu.activitytracker.databinding.ActivityUsersDetailsFragmentBinding
ru/fefu/activitytracker/databinding/ActivityNewBinding.java
 ru.fefu.activitytracker.databinding.ActivityNewBinding
